# FraudCheckResult

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountScore** | **int32** | The fraud score generated by the risk check. | 
**CheckId** | **int32** | The ID of the risk check. | 
**Name** | **string** | The name of the risk check. | 

## Methods

### NewFraudCheckResult

`func NewFraudCheckResult(accountScore int32, checkId int32, name string, ) *FraudCheckResult`

NewFraudCheckResult instantiates a new FraudCheckResult object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewFraudCheckResultWithDefaults

`func NewFraudCheckResultWithDefaults() *FraudCheckResult`

NewFraudCheckResultWithDefaults instantiates a new FraudCheckResult object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetAccountScore

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) GetAccountScore() int32`

GetAccountScore returns the AccountScore field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAccountScoreOk

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) GetAccountScoreOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetAccountScoreOk returns a tuple with the AccountScore field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAccountScore

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) SetAccountScore(v int32)`

SetAccountScore sets AccountScore field to given value.


### GetCheckId

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) GetCheckId() int32`

GetCheckId returns the CheckId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCheckIdOk

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) GetCheckIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCheckIdOk returns a tuple with the CheckId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCheckId

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) SetCheckId(v int32)`

SetCheckId sets CheckId field to given value.


### GetName

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *FraudCheckResult) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.



[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


