# AdditionalDataCommon

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AuthorisationType** | **string** | Flags a card payment request for either pre-authorisation or final authorisation. For more information, refer to [Authorisation types](https://docs.adyen.com/checkout/adjust-authorisation#authorisation-types).  Allowed values: * **PreAuth** – flags the payment request to be handled as a pre-authorisation. * **FinalAuth** – flags the payment request to be handled as a final authorisation. | [optional] 
**CustomRoutingFlag** | **string** | Allows you to determine or override the acquirer account that should be used for the transaction.  If you need to process a payment with an acquirer different from a default one, you can set up a corresponding configuration on the Adyen payments platform. Then you can pass a custom routing flag in a payment request&#39;s additional data to target a specific acquirer.  To enable this functionality, contact [Support](https://support.adyen.com/hc/en-us/requests/new). | [optional] 
**NetworkTxReference** | **string** | Allows you to link the transaction to the original or previous one in a subscription/card-on-file chain. This field is required for token-based transactions where Adyen does not tokenize the card.  Transaction identifier from card schemes, for example, Mastercard Trace ID or the Visa Transaction ID.  Submit the original transaction ID of the contract in your payment request if you are not tokenizing card details with Adyen and are making a merchant-initiated transaction (MIT) for subsequent charges.  Make sure you are sending &#x60;shopperInteraction&#x60; **ContAuth** and &#x60;recurringProcessingModel&#x60; **Subscription** or **UnscheduledCardonFile** to ensure that the transaction is classified as MIT. | [optional] 
**OverwriteBrand** | **string** | Boolean indicator that can be optionally used for performing debit transactions on combo cards (for example, combo cards in Brazil). This is not mandatory but we recommend that you set this to true if you want to use the &#x60;selectedBrand&#x60; value to specify how to process the transaction. | [optional] 
**RequestedTestErrorResponseCode** | **string** | Triggers test scenarios that allow to replicate certain communication errors.  Allowed values: * **NO_CONNECTION_AVAILABLE** – There wasn&#39;t a connection available to service the outgoing communication. This is a transient, retriable error since no messaging could be initiated to an issuing system (or third-party acquiring system). Therefore, the header Transient-Error: true is returned in the response. A subsequent request using the same idempotency key will be processed as if it was the first request. * **IOEXCEPTION_RECEIVED** – Something went wrong during transmission of the message or receiving the response. This is a classified as non-transient because the message could have been received by the issuing party and been acted upon. No transient error header is returned. If using idempotency, the (error) response is stored as the final result for the idempotency key. Subsequent messages with the same idempotency key not be processed beyond returning the stored response. | [optional] 
**SubMerchantID** | **string** | This field contains an identifier of the actual merchant when a transaction is submitted via a payment facilitator. The payment facilitator must send in this unique ID, which is used by schemes to identify the merchant.  A unique identifier per submerchant that is required if the transaction is performed by a registered payment facilitator. * Format: alpha-numeric. * Fixed length: 15 characters. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


