# ThreeDS1Result

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Cavv** | Pointer to **string** | The cardholder authentication value (base64 encoded). | [optional] 
**CavvAlgorithm** | Pointer to **string** | The CAVV algorithm used. | [optional] 
**Eci** | Pointer to **string** | 3D Secure Electronic Commerce Indicator (ECI). | [optional] 
**ThreeDAuthenticatedResponse** | Pointer to **string** | The authentication response from the ACS. | [optional] 
**ThreeDOfferedResponse** | Pointer to **string** | Whether 3D Secure was offered or not. | [optional] 
**Xid** | Pointer to **string** | A unique transaction identifier generated by the MPI on behalf of the merchant to identify the 3D Secure transaction, in &#x60;Base64&#x60; encoding. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewThreeDS1Result

`func NewThreeDS1Result() *ThreeDS1Result`

NewThreeDS1Result instantiates a new ThreeDS1Result object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewThreeDS1ResultWithDefaults

`func NewThreeDS1ResultWithDefaults() *ThreeDS1Result`

NewThreeDS1ResultWithDefaults instantiates a new ThreeDS1Result object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetCavv

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetCavv() string`

GetCavv returns the Cavv field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCavvOk

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetCavvOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCavvOk returns a tuple with the Cavv field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCavv

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) SetCavv(v string)`

SetCavv sets Cavv field to given value.

### HasCavv

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) HasCavv() bool`

HasCavv returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCavvAlgorithm

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetCavvAlgorithm() string`

GetCavvAlgorithm returns the CavvAlgorithm field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCavvAlgorithmOk

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetCavvAlgorithmOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCavvAlgorithmOk returns a tuple with the CavvAlgorithm field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCavvAlgorithm

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) SetCavvAlgorithm(v string)`

SetCavvAlgorithm sets CavvAlgorithm field to given value.

### HasCavvAlgorithm

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) HasCavvAlgorithm() bool`

HasCavvAlgorithm returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetEci

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetEci() string`

GetEci returns the Eci field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEciOk

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetEciOk() (*string, bool)`

GetEciOk returns a tuple with the Eci field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEci

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) SetEci(v string)`

SetEci sets Eci field to given value.

### HasEci

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) HasEci() bool`

HasEci returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetThreeDAuthenticatedResponse

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetThreeDAuthenticatedResponse() string`

GetThreeDAuthenticatedResponse returns the ThreeDAuthenticatedResponse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetThreeDAuthenticatedResponseOk

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetThreeDAuthenticatedResponseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetThreeDAuthenticatedResponseOk returns a tuple with the ThreeDAuthenticatedResponse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetThreeDAuthenticatedResponse

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) SetThreeDAuthenticatedResponse(v string)`

SetThreeDAuthenticatedResponse sets ThreeDAuthenticatedResponse field to given value.

### HasThreeDAuthenticatedResponse

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) HasThreeDAuthenticatedResponse() bool`

HasThreeDAuthenticatedResponse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetThreeDOfferedResponse

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetThreeDOfferedResponse() string`

GetThreeDOfferedResponse returns the ThreeDOfferedResponse field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetThreeDOfferedResponseOk

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetThreeDOfferedResponseOk() (*string, bool)`

GetThreeDOfferedResponseOk returns a tuple with the ThreeDOfferedResponse field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetThreeDOfferedResponse

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) SetThreeDOfferedResponse(v string)`

SetThreeDOfferedResponse sets ThreeDOfferedResponse field to given value.

### HasThreeDOfferedResponse

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) HasThreeDOfferedResponse() bool`

HasThreeDOfferedResponse returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetXid

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetXid() string`

GetXid returns the Xid field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetXidOk

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) GetXidOk() (*string, bool)`

GetXidOk returns a tuple with the Xid field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetXid

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) SetXid(v string)`

SetXid sets Xid field to given value.

### HasXid

`func (o *ThreeDS1Result) HasXid() bool`

HasXid returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


